Refactor documentation to explain how to authenticate devices using Certificate ID (#351)
golioth/docs: docs/firmware/golioth-firmware-sdk/authentication/certificate-auth.md

```shell
PROJECT_SLUG='your-golioth-projectID'

> CERTIFICATE_ID='choose-an-unique-identifier-for-this-device'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CERTIFICATE_ID='choose-a-unique-identifier-for-this-device'
```

With the public root certificate uploaded to Golioth, and the device
certificate/key in use in your firmware, your device will automatically connect
and authenticate to your project. Look in the [Golioth Web

> Console](https://console.golioth.io) to verify a device with a name that either matches or is prefixed by the `Certificate_ID` you supplied when creating the device credential:

Reviewer 2: @miguel91it can we be consistent with our formatting of `CERTIFICATE_ID` and Certificate ID. I think the former should be use when referring to the value provided in the scripts, and the latter should be used to refer to the attribute of the device. So for example in this case we would use `CERTIFICATE_ID`.
```suggestion
Console](https://console.golioth.io) to verify a device with a name that either matches or is prefixed by the `CERTIFICATE_ID` you supplied when creating the device credential:
```

In the following line
> **immutable** `Certificate ID` field shown in the Summary Page of the device

`Certificate ID` should just be Certificate ID (no backticks).

present:

![New device added using Certificate Authentication](../../assets/cert-auth-new-device-added.jpg)

> But note that the Device Name attribute is muttable and you can change it to another name at any time. The important field to correctly associate your device to that certificate is the **immutable** `Certificate ID` field shown in the Summary Page of the device. Click on the device name link to see the summary page as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But note that the Device Name attribute is mutable and you can change it to another name at any time. The important field to correctly associate your device to that certificate is the **immutable** `Certificate ID` field shown in the Summary Page of the device. Click on the device name link to see the summary page as follows:
```

> ![](../../assets/device-summary-certificate-id.jpg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Device Certificate ID on summary page](../../assets/device-summary-certificate-id.jpg)
```

> This `Certificate ID` field is unique across an entire project and it's used to retrieve a device in a project whenever a certificate is used to authenticate a real device.

Reviewer 2: nitpick: perhaps slightly clearer
```suggestion
This `Certificate ID` field is unique across an entire project and is used to associate a device with a certificate during authentication.
```
